# cse015-pt.F19/pa2

The following is a set of performance tests to run on your N-Queens program.
We have made this available to you to check your work before making your final
submission.

General performance tests 1-8 give your program 0.5 seconds.
Test 9 give you 2 seconds (because they test 10-Queens). Test 10 gives you 5 seconds (12-Queens).

## Warning

1. This script should confirm all components of your performance based grade but
doesn't confirm every component of your grade for things like comment blocks,
but it'll definitely get you the majority points. (The Script only shows you 70 points in total)

2. Everytime before you run script, make sure you delete all the files generated by script. That means only files to be submittied will be left.

## Installation

Run the following in your working directory (the directory you wrote your code
in) to download the test script.

```bash
curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kriszhao/CMPS12B-M-gradingScript/master/pa2/pa2.sh > pa2.sh
chmod +x pa2.sh
```


# Usage

After downloading the script, run it with the following command:

```bash
pa2.sh
```


It will print out the difference between your output and the correct output,
using the `diff` command. Lack of any output between the set of "=========="
means that your program is running correctly.

> WARNING: From now on, you will not get a perfect score if there is any output
between any of the pairs of equal signs or if any unit tests fail.

## Removal

Before you run the pa2.sh, make sure you delete every extra files except for those files to be submitted.
